chore(docs): Add docs for embedded chatbot (#203)
patternfly/virtual-assistant: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/virtual-assistant/examples/Chatbot/Chatbot.md

### Container

> The `Chatbot` component is the chatbot container which adapts to various display modes, as well as both light and dark themes. The "embedded" display mode is meant to be used within a [PatternFly Page](/components/page) or other container within a consuming application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Chatbot` component is the chatbot container which adapts to various display modes, as well as both light and dark themes. The "embedded" display mode is meant to be used within a [PatternFly page](/components/page) or other container within your product.
```
